In fact, there was nothing missing from the tent cloth.
Here I am.
How is that possible?
If this is true
The book in the secret room
It's also true.
But
I copied it by hand
I specially saved this hand
I thought I was prepared
I didn't expect
He really needed it that day.
So what are you waiting for?
We're going to report him now
What do you mean?
What's the problem?
My stupid son thought it was so easy to be brought down from the first rank
If it were as simple as you say
My father has already reported it.
How could it fall into this field today?
But isn't that what you usually do when you report some officials?
Ordinary officials are right to do so
But Sun Li is the official of the Ministry of Disaster
unreached minister
There are countless North Korean and Chinese maids
Unless well-prepared
Otherwise, even Jingdi couldn't easily offend him
If you dare to take this ledger to the Ministry of Justice to report him
Do you believe that the other party will destroy this evidence when they turn their eyes?
Then go to Sun Li to take credit
That's politics.
Also popular
Didn't the big brother investigate the case by decree?
We can present it to the Emperor directly through the traitor lord.
Hey no
Just an old story from more than a decade ago
Even if His Majesty attacks
It's also difficult to get damage. How about a gift?
At that time, a large number of North Korean and Chinese officials will try to ensure
In the end, it would be good to demote Tafalu
The big deal is that some painless results are
Maybe I have a way